Simd sort (#6326)
STEllAR-GROUP/hpx: CMakeLists.txt

  ADVANCED
)

hpx_option(
  HPX_WITH_FETCH_SIMD_SORT
  BOOL

>   "Use FetchContent to fetch Eve. By default an installed Eve will be used. (default: On)"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "Use FetchContent to fetch x86-simd-sort. By default an installed x86-simd-sort will be used. (default: On)"
```

  ON
  CATEGORY "Build Targets"
  ADVANCED
)
hpx_option(

>   HPX_WITH_SIMD_SORT_TAG STRING "Eve repository tag or branch" "v2.0"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  HPX_WITH_SIMD_SORT_TAG STRING "x86-simd-sort repository tag or branch" "v2.0"
```
